

DSDP/TM/Phone Meeting 5-Jul-2006
================================

< [DSDP](/DSDP "DSDP")â€Ž | [TM](/DSDP/TM "DSDP/TM")

| Meeting Title: | **Conference Call on Target Management** |
| --- | --- |
| Date & Time: | Wednesday [July 5, 2006](/index.php?title=July_5,_2006&action=edit&redlink=1 "July 5, 2006 (page does not exist)") at 9am PST |
| Primary International Dial-in: | **+44 (0)1452 567588** |
| USA Freephone Dial-In: | +1 (866) 6161738 |
| UK National Dial-In: | 08712460713 |
| Passcode: | **0587322148 #** |

Contents
--------

*   [1 Attendees](#Attendees)
*   [2 Agenda](#Agenda)
*   [3 Action Items to Review](#Action-Items-to-Review)
*   [4 New Action Items](#New-Action-Items)
*   [5 Next Meeting](#Next-Meeting)

Attendees
---------

*   Wind River - Martin Oberhuber
*   QNX - Doug Schaefer
*   IBM - Kushal Munir, Dave McKnight
*   Montavista - Joe Green
*   Symbian - Javier Montalvo-Orus

Agenda
------

*   Update on RSE Status
    *   M3 Delivery, Bugzilla situation: [TM Bug Process Page](https://www.eclipse.org/dsdp/tm/development/bug_process.php) (available from TM Homepage / Development Tools)
    *   [Project Plan](https://www.eclipse.org/dsdp/tm/development/plan.php) status
        *   User actions and Import/Export deferred: will be delivered but not as official release
        *   JUnit tests on Bugzilla for now
        *   Manual Test Plans to come, will need testers in the community
    *   **Lower the bar:** press text, Japan DSDP Workshop
    *   Community's most wanted
        *   Who's working on what?
            *   Montavista - ssh processes subsystem (Linux specific, looking at /proc filesystem); CDT Launching
            *   Symbian - working on autodetect; wants to group services by host but found that difficult
        *   How does it feel to get started with TM / RSE? What do contributors need?
            *   Montavista - reported some bugs; **lack of documentation**; **more examples** for adding your own subsystem
*   Communications
    *   [RSE API Discussion](/RSE_API_Discussion "RSE API Discussion") \- API Reviews, Feature Request status: upcoming online help system on dsdp.eclipse.org
        *   When finding anything weird in the RSE API, dont hesitate to file a bug!! Please file it as an enhancement request and use \[api\] in the subject
    *   [RSE 2.0 Planning](/RSE_2.0_Planning "RSE 2.0 Planning") for next year -- make concrete plans by end of september. Face to face meeting?
    *   Face-to-face meeting for RSE 2.0 planning
        *   Montavista - offline would be fine
    *   Collaborations with other projects (Platform/Team, PTP, CDT, TPTP, WTP, ECF, Aperi)
        *   EFS status
*   Technology sub-groups
    *   Group leads not present today except Javier
    *   Update on [Autodetect](/DSDP/TM/Autodetect "DSDP/TM/Autodetect") (Javier)
        *   Movie attached to the autodetect bug. Will rename plugins to not have *.rse.* in the name since they do not depend on the RSE.
*   DougS - What about the upcoming Windriver contributions?
    *   Windriver has given official OK to contribute, WR now needs to make code ready for contribution
    *   Most contributions will be in the DD project; the Terminal View may end up in TM; details to follow shortly.

Action Items to Review
----------------------

*   Last meeting: [DSDP/TM/Phone Meeting 7-Jun-2006](/DSDP/TM/Phone_Meeting_7-Jun-2006 "DSDP/TM/Phone Meeting 7-Jun-2006")

New Action Items
----------------

*   Everybody: File RSE \[api\] bugs
*   Everybody: Edit the [RSE 2.0 Planning](/RSE_2.0_Planning "RSE 2.0 Planning") page and add your company name along those items of interest for you
*   Martin to contact Ewa regarding CDT Launcher status

Next Meeting
------------

*   Next [DSDP/TM/Phone Meeting 2-Aug-2006](/DSDP/TM/Phone_Meeting_2-Aug-2006 "DSDP/TM/Phone Meeting 2-Aug-2006") (wednesday, 4 weeks)


(Migrated from [https://wiki.eclipse.org//DSDP/TM/Phone_Meeting_5-Jul-2006](https://wiki.eclipse.org//DSDP/TM/Phone_Meeting_5-Jul-2006))